## Contribution Statement

* Runting Han: For this project, I analyzed the difference of cocoa percent between different companies and the change of cocoa percent in chocolate bars over years (the 'Cocoa_percent_change_analysis.ipynb' notebook) and performed the analysis to see if a country of bean origin has a standout characteristic (the 'common_charac_for_country_analysis.ipynb' notebook). In the analysis, I wrote functions and imported them from a separate python script ('functions/utils.py') along with tests and documentation and also added the pyproj.toml file. I also summarized and discussed my results for the two analysis in the 'main.ipynb' notebook. Also, I added LICENSE and a git ignore file for our project. Lastly, I contributed to the Makefile and collaborated with other team members on the README.md file.

* Lia Chin-Purcell: For this project, I conducted regresssion analysis to determine memorable characteristics that have significant inlfuence on ratings in most_memorable_characteristic_regression.ipynb file and based on the p-value I seperately analyzed the positive and negative effect memorable characteristics. Also I made an environment.yml file and baseline for REAME file.

* Minji Park: In analysis_for_review_ratings.ipynb file, I analyzed the 5 most frequent words in Most Memorable Characteristics and relationship between Cocoa Percent and review ratings. For 5 most frequent words I only focused on review rating between 1-2 and 4-5, but for Cocoa Percent I draw the box plot for every review interval. Also, I wrote the function and tests for the function in analysis_for_review_ratings.ipynb file and made setup.py, setup.cfg. Lastly, I collaborated with other team members for README.file and created JupyterBook

* Jenea Spinks: My notebook is the ingredients_analysis.ipynb. For this project, I firstly analyzed the company locations with the highest and lowest average rating for their chocolate bars. Using this, I analyzed the ingredients average rating and looked at those with the highest and lowest rating. I combined these two to see if the ingredients used contributed to the comanies high or low overall mean ratings. Also, I looed at how the average rating for each year changed over time and obtained the ingredients used the most within the year. I summarized and wrote my reults within this main.ipynb. I also created a Makefile and worked with my team members on the README.md file
